What to say boy
Rice can be eaten indiscriminately
Don't talk nonsense
Everything you see with your own eyes
They were all just dug out of the pit
Why do you say it's fake?
What kind of stool is this for pushing my tiger brother?
This is all real stuff
You are not as hairy
You stinky lazy
Brother Tiger, although these things just came out of the pit
But he did be buried on purpose. Ouch.
Honey, stop talking nonsense.
This tiger
Brother Huang and I have been good friends for many years
How could I have a problem?
Brother Tiger, stop talking nonsense with him
Do it!
Someone threw him into the pit for me
Hey, wait a minute.
Wait, what are you waiting for?
It's redundant. It's redundant.
Throw this kid in the pit for me
When the Terracotta Warriors replaced my brother
My parents had puppy love all my life
divorced sister
I earn money to send my grandmother to school.
You have to take care of grandpa during confinement?
The most hated thing is that someone lied to me and buried him for me
Hey, don't, Brother Tiger, Brother Tiger
Hey, Brother Huang, are you all friendly and rich?
If not, Brother Tiger, I will accompany you tonight, okay?
Go over there go over there
Okay, okay, just stand there and don't move.
Stand there to ward me off evil, fifth brother
I'll take a look at the Hangzhou one.
Everything else is redundant
Brother, this love is written down.
Good brothers, one family eats, two families eat
Hahaha
In the future, our brothers will still cooperate with Evergreen
Brother Hu, believe me, this thing is really fake
Can I prove it to you?
How do you prove it?
Brother can't eat well, hurry up and bury it
Don't worry, I'll let him die to understand.
Save it from spreading that I am the tiger lord who is bullying others
It can be regarded as clearing your innocence.